docs(readme): update the readme to include css checklist (#1437)
patternfly/patternfly-next: README.md

*To view visit http://localhost:8000/demos/<name>*

## Guidelines for CSS Development

> - For issues created in Core that will affect a component in PF-React, a follow up issue must be created in PF-React once the Pull Request is merged.

Reviewer: Do we want to outline what information would be useful for the issue that is being created? PR #, Core Release, link to core component as well as any information detailing the change?

Author: Yes I think that a good idea :)

> - The UX/Visual designer and CSS developer of a component/enhancement should be involved in the review process throughout the life cycle of that component/enhancement.

Reviewer: Should we be more explicit here and say "once the component/enhancement is complete it should receive sign off from a visual designer who can then update the master sketch file with any need changes"?

Author: yep updated the last point with your suggestion and removed `The UX/Visual designer and CSS developer of a component/enhancement should be involved in the review process throughout the life cycle of that component/enhancement.` as I think it becomes redundant.

- If global variables are modified in Core, a React issue should be opened to address this.

> - CSS developers should ensure that animation is well documented and communicated to the respective React developer.

Reviewer: I think we could probably expand on this once we have a better sense of how we will tackle animation in core.

Author: Should I leave this in for now, or wait until we discuss animation further.

Reviewer: ya I think it's ok to leave for now.

> - CSS developers should ensure that animation is well docume ted and communicated to the respective Reacted developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CSS developers should ensure that animation is well documented and communicated to the respective React developer.
```

> - CSS developers should communicate with the Sketch file lead about any design changes, so that it can be updated in the Sketch file.

Reviewer 2: is "Sketch file lead" a good way to refer to the designer for a thing? Maybe something like this?

> CSS developers should communicate any design changes back to the design team, so that the changes can be updated in the master Sketch file.

Author: Yes much better :/
